clarify unique key (#8159)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/unique_key.md

:::

## Default

> This parameter is optional. If you don't provide a `unique_key`, adapters will default to using `incremental_strategy: append`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is optional. If you don't provide a `unique_key`, your adapter will default to using `incremental_strategy: append`.
```

> If you leave out the `unique_key` parameter and use strategies like `merge`, `insert_overwrite`, `delete+insert`, or `microbatch`, the adapter will fall back to using `incremental_strategy: append`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you leave out the `unique_key` parameter and use strategies like `merge`, `insert_overwrite`, `delete+insert`, or `microbatch`, the adapter will fall back to using `incremental_strategy: append`.

This is different for BigQuery:
- For `incremental_strategy = merge`, you must provide a `unique_key`; leaving it out leads to ambiguous or failing behavior.
- For `insert_overwrite` or `microbatch`, `unique_key` is not required because they work by partition replacement rather than row-level upserts.
```

Author: added this caveat @QMalcolm !
